Head2Head V0.80 By Steve Shambles March 17th 2023
-------------------------------------------------
Historical data supplied by https://football-data.co.uk, with thanks. Current data covers Aug 1992 to march 14th 2023.

logo photo attribution: Thank you to Bluejam - Self-photographed, CC BY-SA 4.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=78153606

This program is Freeware and the source code comes under the MIT Licence, but the program as a whole remains (c) Steve Shambles.
--------------------------------------------------

Head2Head is a desktop app written for Windows PC's but the Python source code should work on MAC and Linux too (not tested), it contains every single English Premier league result from the day of the league's inception back in August 1992 to March 14th 2023.

No cup fixtures are included at all, strictly EPL only.

You can choose a home team and an away team (all 50 teams that have ever played in the EPL are selectable) and after click on "Get Stats" H2H will show a table of all the matches played (if any) for that exact fixture. 

Note the exact fixture, which means if you select say, Tottenham V West Ham you will not be given West Ham V Tottenham results like almost all other sites on the web do, that discolours the data in my opinion because home advantage really does count for the majority of teams, with the rare exception.

Cup matches mixed in would also make the data worthless. As we all know cup matches are totally different to EPL matches as a lot of the time weakened teams are played in the cups, especially in the early rounds. 

At the bottom of the program you will see some statistics gleaned from the displayed results and a tentative prediction for the next time that fixture is to be played.

Of course this prediction is based solely on history and does not take into account current form, injuries, manager etc. so take the predictions with a pinch of salt on its own and use the history as part of your prediction strategy not your whole prediction strategy.

To help you quickly look up current EPL form I have provided links (see links menu top left of program window)to reliable websites with the EPL table, current form table and bookmaker odds for forth-coming matches
which can all give good indicators of current form.

If you wish you can save the resultant H2H data as a CSV file (you can open a csv file in a spreadsheet) or just plain text by clicking the appropriate button.

You can quickly view, edit or delete those saved files in your file browser, if you go to the drop-down menu, top left of the program window, you can select "open user saves folder" to achieve this quickly.

The Python source code.
Though I am fully aware my programming leaves a lot to be desired (from a professional point of view, I am a hobbyist not a pro, I do this for fun and probably only I can understand the spaghetti code I have created here. 

I have an ADHD brain and it works different to most other people, you will be scratching your heads with my code I assure you :-)
Sorry about that pro coders.

I also enlisted the help of ChatGTP for some of the more complicated bits of the code so it also may look like a bit of a mish-mash of styles as well.

Unapologetically, Steve Shambles march 2023.
